  1. Lets work on the SEŘADIT PODLE window. it should only show  
Od Nejnovějšího  Od Nejlevnějšího Od Nejdražšího  2. the width of the „seřadit podle“ pop up panel should be the same as third of the whole width of the page  3. In the grid where we see more products (for example shown in VOODOO808 page) lets make sure the product title of each product has the same style, font and size like the Nákupní košík title (only make the product title 2px smaller text)   4. The title of the product in the product grid should be 64px above the lower edge of the product rectangle   5. The add to cart button should have 2px corner radius  6. The add to cart button should be 1,5x less tall and it should say „PŘIDAT DO KOŠÍKU“  7. Above the add to cart button there should be a size button that has the same size like the add to cart button but is white instead. This is more of a dropdown pill than a button. Its text says „Vyberte velikost“ When user clicks on it, a dropdown menu slides down. the menu has 2px corner radius. Everything other than this menu becomes 50percent grey (or how to explain it. We use this same effect when shopping cart pop up window is opened)  8. Above this size menu, there is a line going in the same width as the add to cart button  9. The dropdown info panels (or how do you call these?) below the add to cart button should have 48px height each (48px between the lines that separate these dropdown menus) the text should be alligned to the left and the arrow symbol should be alligned to right  10. When single product page is being viewed. The very first image of the product should have a white heart symbol with 1px stroke in the top right corner. It should be 4px from the top edge and 4px from the right edge. This is used to check the product into saved items.  11. In the single product view, the TRIČKO LONGLINE - BÍLÁ
850 Kč should be 8px from each other and both should be centered to the vertical middle of the 50percent of the page (because we have the page separated into 2 sections)  
    