Problem 1. I noticed when user creates a new order on our shop www.ufosport.cz (which we are currently working on here in replit)   the orders are currently being named like this:  UFO251211001 UFO251212001
UFO251213001  we want them to be named likes this instead:  UFO26001 UFO26002
UFO26003  please fix this.   Also we have a :   problem 2. I noticed when customer created new order, the order says this:  „Chyba při vytváření zásilky:
Incorrect API password.“  this is located in the DOPRAVA section. Lets solve this and lets properly handle this without damaging the currently working structure  also PROBLEM 3

I noticed the emails the customers are getting look a little bit weird. I dont think they look like email from apple or from serious company like that. Lets change the email to display a very similar design of all elements and everything inside the same way like our shop ufosport.cz does.  im happy to guide you if you need me to or you can search the internet to find sources that would help you copy this from somewhere or something  PROBLEM 4.  CUSTOMER went on our shop ufosport.cz and successfully bought an item. Money is successfully in gopay account when I check. but our admin panel and the order view currently show the following for this order: Status platby: PENDING  I think this might be helpful:   ČASOVÉ ÚDAJE
Vytvořeno: 13. 12. 2025 20:47:47
Poslední aktualizace: 13. 12. 2025 20:47:47 
Maybe its the fact that last aktualizace was exactly at the same moment when the user created the order?
  lets make sure we can see the updated information when the customer pays  PROBLEM 5.  when I hover over the order rectangle while on the objednávky page, I want the whole rectangle to be clickable for me to click on it and open the detailed view. It could look nice if on hover the whole rectangle got 2 percent bigger or something. Is this possible to do?  PROBLEM 6.  On mobile when accessing the login page of our shop, we see the two vertical lines which should not be visible on mobile . can we make sure the elements work well when viewed in mobile view?  PROBLEM 7.  I have a question for you. Im a bit worried about future costs of this system we built. Especially the costs of the emails that we send when customers buy. I want to stay on the free side of things so I wonder if we decide to send customer an email for when we are processing their order, when we canceled order, when we completed and sent their orders. is each email eating away our free credits or how to say this ?  If so, what are the limits? I believe we are using resend
