Our last session was cut off. please make sure all of these are done properly:  I just checked out our shop ufosport.cz on my iPhone  and I noticed the images of products in the product grid have text over them (the text is the product title, price, etc) lets make sure the image is above the price and product title when viewing the product grid in iPhone view.  also I just checked the single product view in iPhone view and the three little dots should be 24px above the product title instead and they should be 2x bigger size

I also just viewed the iPhone view of the kosik page and we need to make sure that the products in kosik page are properly shown even in iPhone view. How to do this properly? Make sure it only affects iPhone view. The same should apply for the ulozeno page  also I noticed the platba page says VAŠE OBJEDNÁVKA JE PŘIPRAVENA. This text should say PŘIPRAVUJEME VAŠÍ OBJEDNÁVKU

Throughout the shop we sometimes use 2 vertical lines on many pages in many different way. These 2 vertical lines usually dont look good when the shop is viewed on iPhone. Make sure these 2 vertical lines are only used in the desktop version of the shop and as soon as the shop is viewed in iPhone, the 2 vertical lines are no longer there so the elements can be displayed correctly. Figure this out like if you were preparing the shop for mass release on desktop and mobile devices like iPhone.  examples of the pages where 2 vertical lines (when viewed from mobile device like iPhone) are in a way are for example these: prihlaseni page,registrace page, faq page, sledovani-objednavky page, and many other pages that are located in the footer. Make sure we dont ruin the great desktop design of our shop and we only make sure the app scales perfectly for mobile devices like iPhone    dont forget I will then download the zip file and push to GitHub desktop, then I will redeploy on vercel and finally I will view the shop at www.ufosport.cz  prepare a comprehensive checklist in case the session is cutoff midway and we need to continue in another session with replit. This checklist will help the another replit account to understand what we need    